hi in this video I want to show you how
to complete the cloverleaf graphic
design with the four inspirational words
this is part 2 and we are going to use
over here the medium artist pen the
small artist pen the B brush the grey
one and also the black one so I'm now
using my medium black artist pen and I'm
going to complete the leaf over here
this is the graphic design of the four
inspirational words that are the most
important in our life faith hope love
and grace of God or you can call it luck
okay the most important thing over here
to complete this graphic design is to
actually use the same lines that we did
in the previous video and just widen a
few parts of it and fill in the color
with black as you see I'm doing over
here and just go over some of the lines
and make parallel parts to them and
complete them with the black pen and
make sure the final line is nice and
curved and you don't have any points in
it
this will be great to draw for your own
home you could hang it on the wall or
you can draw this on a nice card and
send it to a friend or family we all
want to make people happy give
inspiration and share words of
encouragement I found this design doing
so without saying the words actually so
this design will actually impact
everyone or anyone dry it save a copy
and give it away now I'm using the brush
gray pen that I have and I'm using
brushstrokes curved lines inside a
cloverleaf
that actually symbols these four
inspirational words this leaf has four
parts to it each word symbols one part
okay we are done with the leaf now we're
going to add some more design
you
these are small leaves very graphic
simple it adds a lot to our design
okay I'm just completing the letters the
capital letters all these letters you
could see in the fancy letter designing
video that I made it's got almost a
million views you could click over here
and watch the video and draw your own
letters
Claire design is almost finished we're
just gonna complete the bottom part over
here I think I want to add another
swirly around the bottom so just do that
okay like this yeah so um thanks for
being me with me here and watching this
video hope you are able to draw this and
be close to these four elements Faith
Hope Love and grace of God so in the
meantime be well and don't forget to
subscribe so you get an understand each
video I upload I do have a few more
videos on for Easter day and you are
welcome to visit my website overnight
artist dad comes
so bye bye for now don't forget to Like
and leave a comment bye bye